Job Title: Software Engineer - Ground Stations

Location: Espoo, Finland (Hybrid)

Team: Fleet Control & Communications

Type: Full-Time, Permanent

Reports To: Engineering Manager, CONNECT & Ground Stations

Employment is subject to applicable security screening (including SUPO, where required)
About The Role

We are seeking a highly motivated Software Engineer to join our team responsible for managing and interfacing with ground station providers. This encompasses interfacing with ground station service providers and local antenna installations, maintaining configuration for stations and their availability and interfacing with pass and post pass metrics. Understanding of satellite communications, propagation of radio waves, and modulations will help you get going faster.

The successful candidate will possess hands-on experience in designing, implementing, and operating scalable services with database connections and RESTful APIs in production environments. We are searching for an individual with technical expertise implementing high-volume and low-latency systems. Success is measured by outcomes, and we value individuals who are focused and driven to achieve those outcomes.

Our technology stack comprises Python and Go, running on both AWS cloud and on-premise Kubernetes infrastructure. We utilize Postgres and MongoDB as our data stores.

Requirements

Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Engineering or a similar field
3+ years of software engineering work experience
Pragmatic software engineering skills in Python, Go or a similar language
Experience in modeling and implementing data structures and RESTful APIs
Experience with Kubernetes, Terraform, CI/CD pipelines, container orchestration, and GitOps workflows
Problem-solving skills and ability to identify, research and resolve new problems, including those involving new technologies
Keen interest and pragmatic experience in using AI/LLM tools assisting software development
Ability and willingness to learn new skills in a fast-paced environment
Strong team-working and communication skills in English
What will be an Advantage

Understanding of satellite communications, RF propagation and modulations
Experience working with Ground Station vendors
Experience with Kubernetes, Terraform, CI/CD pipelines, container orchestration, and GitOps workflows
Benefits

What We Offer:

A mission that matters: Contribute to a dynamic Earth Observation company making a real difference in the world.

Supportive environment: Work in a diverse and collaborative team with a strong focus on individual growth and development.

Competitive compensation: Base salary range for this position is contingent on your experience level, and will be negotiated individually.

Comprehensive benefits:

Occupational healthcare, occupational and private insurance.
Yearly benefit budget to spend on sport, transport, wellness, lunch, etc.
Phone subscription with iPhone of choice.
Relocation support (flight tickets, accommodation, relocation agency support).
Time and resources for self-development, research, training, conferences, and certification schemes.
Inspiring office environment with collaborative spaces and silent workspaces.
Access to state-of-the-art labs and testing facilities.
Opportunities to attend international space conferences.