Role Overview:
At ONEiO, integrations aren’t delivered as one-off projects - they’re provided as a fully managed service. As an Integration Engineer in our Continuous Services team, you’ll play a key role in maintaining and implementing changes to existing fully managed customer integrations to ensure that the changes are scalable, resilient, and supported for the long term through ONEiO’s Integration Ops Service.

Are you passionate about solving complex integration challenges, enhancing customer experience, and shaping the future of AI-enabled service automation? ONEiO is looking for a driven Integration Engineer to join our Continuous Services team in Helsinki.

This is a hands-on customer facing role interacting with customers and partners to be a product expert of the ONEiO integration platform, supporting internal and external users on how to use the ONEiO integration platform. For our customers that have invested in our Fully managed Integration Ops offering, you will assess and estimate change request requirements to ensure that integrations are implemented successfully without interruption to the service by collaborating with ONEiO’s Expert Services and Account Management teams.

Key Responsibilities:

As an Integration Engineer, you will:

Maintain and optimize customer integrations on the ONEiO Integration Automation Platform
Troubleshoot and resolve integration issues while also identifying opportunities to improve service quality
Work closely with Expert Services, Engineering, and Product Management to deliver scalable, customer-centric solutions
Analyze data, logs, and message flows to identify root causes and prevent future issues
Provide proactive recommendations for Fully Managed customer integrations
Contribute to documentation, knowledge sharing, and continuous improvement initiatives
Confident and clear in customer-facing communication, both technical and business-oriented.
A problem-solver and system thinker - able to design robust and scalable solutions, not just point-to-point fixes.
A strong cultural fit with our iONEER Guiding Principles - including customer focus, ownership, adaptability, and critical thinking

What We’re Looking For:

1-3 years of experience with integrations, APIs, web services, or SaaS platforms
Solid understanding of JSON, XML, REST, authentication, and modern integration patterns
Strong analytical and troubleshooting skills
Curiosity, a growth mindset, and willingness to learn new tools and technologies
Ability to collaborate effectively with customers manage expectations and collaborate across internal technical and commercial teams
Excellent communication skills in English both written and spoken; Finnish and/or, German language is an advantage
Experience with ITSM tools (ServiceNow, Jira, Zendesk, BMC, etc.) and or Enterprise IT Service Management
Located in Helsinki, Finland
Why ONEiO?

Be part of a company that’s transforming the way integrations are delivered and maintained via a fully managed Continuous Service approach.
Collaborate with a global and international team of experts who are passionate about modernising IT service delivery.
Be a Team contributor in managing solutions that have a real impact on customers across industries.
Join a culture built on curiosity, growth, inclusion, and shared success
Work with a modern integration automation platform used by enterprises, Service Providers, and Global IT teams
Be part of a collaborative, supportive, and high-performing Continuous Services team
Influence the future of AI-enhanced integration operations
Enjoy a flexible, hybrid work culture at our Helsinki office
Grow professionally through hands-on learning, mentoring, and cross-team collaboration